README.md, before:

<p align=center>
<img width=500 src="https://github.com/codedex-io/GitHub-Chapter-2-Contributions/assets/65576812/cc021612-1fc0-4488-9928-6183f78f4e9b)" />
</p>

Welcome to the Codédex Contribution log for GitHub Chapter 2! 🚀 Add your name, date, and emoji of choice, and create a pull request to show off your Git skills!

---

Hi! Ellie was here! 12/21/2023 🧸

Hi! Sebastian here. This was added on 16 March 2024.

Hi! Thien was here ^_^! Mar 16th 2024

Hi, my name is David! This was added on 14-03-2024 🎉

hey, my name is kyria ! this was added on 14/03/2024 :smile:

Hi! My name is aqu4riu-S! This was added on 13/03/2024 😊

Hi, my name is Max! This was added on 13/02/2024 🤩

Hi, my name is Lightninbolt986! This was added on 12-3-2024 😃

Hi, my name is Fabian! This was added on 30.02.2024 👍

Hi, my name is Davi! This was added on 08-03-2024 👽

Hi, my name is Rajeev! This was added on 08-03-2024 🚀

Hi! Mary was here on 08/03/2024 🐱

Hi! john was here! 29/03/2024 🚀

Hi, my name is David! This was added on 03/07/2024 🧞‍♂️

Greetings! I'm Monique and I love coding! 3/7/2024 👩🏻‍💻

Hi, my name is DaPanda! This was added on 07/03/2024. 🐼 

Hi, my name is Sukkaaa! This was added on 07-03-2024 😸

Hi, my name is j1zuz! This was added on 07-03-2024 ✨

Hi! Jetix24 was here! 02/03/2024 🚀

Hi, my name is Jesús Adán! This was added on 02-03-2024 😎

Hi, my name is Roland! This was added on 03.02.2024. 🎉

Hi, my name is Jorge! This was added on 01/03/2024 👋🏻

Hi, my name is Bruno! This was added on 04/01/2024 🐆

Hi, my name is Marian! This was added on 13/01/2024 🙋🏼

Hi, my name is Vulpes! This was added on 24/01/2024 🦊

Hi, my name is pochi! This was added on 27/01/2024 ✨

Hi, Mirko was here! 20/02/2024

Hi, my name is Sameer Swain! This was added on 24/02/2024 🧸.

Hi, my name is Nicolas! This was added on 24/02/2024 😼

Hi, my name is Aitor! This was added on 26/02/2024 👽

Hi, my name is Vivek! This was added on 27/02/2024 😊

Hi, my name is Sebastian! This was added on 28/02/2024 🚴‍

Hi, my name is Felipe! This was added on 28/02/2024 🐈

Hi, my name is Nikhil! This was added on 01/03/2024 ✨

Hi, my name is Limbert ! This was added on 01/03/2024 🤓

Hi! Emma was here! 01/03/2024 ✨

Hi, my name is Cristina! This was added on 01/03/2024 🧸

Hi, my name is Vansh! This was added on 02/03/2024 🎉

Hi! My name is Xueyao! This was added on 03-03-2024 💕

Hey, this is Adricoque here on 03/03/2024

Hi, my name is Edgar! This was added on 03-03-2024 🚀

Hi, my name is Adriana! This was added on 04-03-2024 ♥

Hi! Ram was here! 04/03/2024 🥳

Hi, my name is Yahya This was added on 04-03-2024 🧸

Hi! Mauricio was here! 03/04/2023 💎

Hi, my name is Kundan! This was added on 05-03-2024 🧸

Hi, my name is Santiago! This was added on 05-03-2024 🚣

Hi, my name is Stu! This was added on 06-03-2024 🐱

Hi, my name is Kevin! This was added on 06-03-2024 🐹

Hi, my name is Eduardo! This was added on 17/03/2024 🥑

Hi, my name is Artem! This was added on 18-03-2024 🦉

Hi, my name is Osteduden! This was added on 18.03.2024 🦊

Hi, I (Vinay) was here too! 18-03-2024 🐒

Hi, my name is Xilient! This was added on <19-03-2024> <:D>

Hi, my name is Musa! This was added on 19-03-2024 🧸

Hi, my name is Lui! This was added on 119-03-2024 👻

Hi, Kvrae sends you greetings! This was added on 23/03/2024. 👀

Hi, my name is Fredrik! This was added on 24-03-2024 :) Swag :)

Hi, my name is Iamrushabhshahh! This was added on 05-03-2024 ❤️

Hi, my name is Lukas! This was added on <02-04-2024> :smile:

Hi, my name is He-who-must-not-be-named! This was added on 28-03-2024 🪄 👑

Hi, my name is Andy! This was added on 29/03/2024 😎

Hello! my name is Ulysse. This was added on 30/03/2024.

Hi, my name is adam! This was added on 06-04-2024 🙌

Hi! Samuel was here! 06/04/2024 🤖

Hi there, Paul is adding a contribution on 4/9/2024 😼

Hi, my name is Renee! This was added on 07-04-2024 ☕

Hi, my name is Berkay! This was added on 08.04.2024 ^-^

Hi! James here! 09/04/2024 🙌 

Hi! Raquel was here! 12/04/2024 🦖

Hi! Elly was here! 12/04/2024 

Hi, my name is Abdullah Hamada! This was added on 15/4/2024 ⛓️

Hi, my name is Adam! This was added on 18/04/2024 🫡

Hello! Tami was here! 4/19/2024 🤗

Hi, my name is D9292S! This was added on 01-01-24 🧸

Hi, my name is Amber! This was added on 19/04/2024 🐸

Hi! my name is Kelvis! This was added on 21/04/2024 😎

Hi, my name is Ani! This was added on 24-04-2024 🐱‍💻

Hi All, Saif landed here on 04/26/2024 🗿

Hi, my name is Bahasuru! This was added on 26-04-2024 😊

Hi, my name is Cain! This was added on 04/27/2024 🐳

Hi, my name is Edwin! This was added on 29/04/2024 🤖

Hi, my name is Marios! This was added on 30-04-2024 🦝

Hi,my name is elly , this was added on 01/05/2024 🐼

Hi, my name is Deepistertalks! This was added on 05/05/2024  😊

Hi, my name is R.Siranjevee! This was added on 05-05-2024 😎

Hi, my name is TheuZCoder! This was added on 07-05-2024 😃

Hi, my name is Lenka! This was added on 09-05-2024 🐷

Hi my name is Valentin ! This was added on 10/05/2024 🇫🇷

Hi, my name is Sílvio! This was added on 11-05-2024 ☕

Hi, my name is lumoski! This was added on 13/05/2024 🍀

Hi, my name is Sarah! This was added on 5/13/2024 ✨

Hi, my name is Aman! This was added on 15-05-2024 🌹

Hi, my name is Eric! This was added on 15-05-2024 🇵🇹

Hi my name is Nightyyy ! This was added on 15/05/2024 ☕

Hi, my name is Tux! This was added on 05-16-2024 🐧

Hi my name is Bruce! This was added on 17/05/2024 🇦🇱

Hi, my name is Smasheed! This was added on 17-05-2024 🥷🏽

Hi, my name is Kai Ze! This was added on 5/21/2024 🤖❤️

Hi, my name is Farman Arefin Tamim! This was added on 22 May 2024 😎

Hi, my name is Catarina! This was added on 22/05/2024 👩‍💻

Hi, my name is Varun Billuri! This was added on 22-05-2024 😶

Hi, my name is aresmendi! This was added on 23-05-2024 🎸

Hi, my name is Ali Sajad! This was added on 24/05/2024 ✨

Hi my name is Kunal Parkhade (KP)! This was added on 24/05/2024 💛IN

Hi, my name is Trinity! This was added on 26-05-2024 👾

Hi, my name is Hannah! This was added on 5/27/2024 🦆

Hi, my name is Sérgio! This was added on 30/05/2024 :)

hi, my name is rollexit! this was added on 24/05/2024

Hi, I'm Ewil ! Added on 29/05/2024 ✨

Hi my name is Baby ! This was added on 29/05/2024 🍥

Hi, my name is MR1! This was added on 30/05/2024 😎

Hi, my name is Divya! This was added on 2nd June, 2024. 🫧💗✨

Hi, my name is Andres Hung! This was added on 05/06/2024 👀🦘

Hi, my name is DellaG! This was added on 05/06/2024 👽

Hi, my name is Isaiah a.k.a. BlueCollargiant! This was added on 06-06-2024 ✨

Hi, my name is Nami This was added on 6th of June  :)

Hi, my name is haramana! This was added on 07-06-2024 🚀

Hi, my name is Rohan! This was added on 07-06-2024 🤩😏

Hi, my name is Tasneem! This was added on 7-06-2024🥳

Hi, my name is Patchara! This was added on 7/6/2024 🤖

Hi, my name is Alfredo! This was added on 07-06-2024 😉

Hi, my name is LimJimson! This was added on 9th of June, 2024. 🎸🎸🎸

Hi, my name is David! This was added on 08/06/2024 🙈🙉🙊

Commit message:

add my name to readme

README.md, after:

<p align=center>
<img width=500 src="https://github.com/codedex-io/GitHub-Chapter-2-Contributions/assets/65576812/cc021612-1fc0-4488-9928-6183f78f4e9b)" />
</p>

Welcome to the Codédex Contribution log for GitHub Chapter 2! 🚀 Add your name, date, and emoji of choice, and create a pull request to show off your Git skills!

---

Hi, my name is Sophia! This was added on 10-06-2024 🥳

Hi! Ellie was here! 12/21/2023 🧸

Hi! Sebastian here. This was added on 16 March 2024.

Hi! Thien was here ^_^! Mar 16th 2024

Hi, my name is David! This was added on 14-03-2024 🎉

hey, my name is kyria ! this was added on 14/03/2024 :smile:

Hi! My name is aqu4riu-S! This was added on 13/03/2024 😊

Hi, my name is Max! This was added on 13/02/2024 🤩

Hi, my name is Lightninbolt986! This was added on 12-3-2024 😃

Hi, my name is Fabian! This was added on 30.02.2024 👍

Hi, my name is Davi! This was added on 08-03-2024 👽

Hi, my name is Rajeev! This was added on 08-03-2024 🚀

Hi! Mary was here on 08/03/2024 🐱

Hi! john was here! 29/03/2024 🚀

Hi, my name is David! This was added on 03/07/2024 🧞‍♂️

Greetings! I'm Monique and I love coding! 3/7/2024 👩🏻‍💻

Hi, my name is DaPanda! This was added on 07/03/2024. 🐼 

Hi, my name is Sukkaaa! This was added on 07-03-2024 😸

Hi, my name is j1zuz! This was added on 07-03-2024 ✨

Hi! Jetix24 was here! 02/03/2024 🚀

Hi, my name is Jesús Adán! This was added on 02-03-2024 😎

Hi, my name is Roland! This was added on 03.02.2024. 🎉

Hi, my name is Jorge! This was added on 01/03/2024 👋🏻

Hi, my name is Bruno! This was added on 04/01/2024 🐆

Hi, my name is Marian! This was added on 13/01/2024 🙋🏼

Hi, my name is Vulpes! This was added on 24/01/2024 🦊

Hi, my name is pochi! This was added on 27/01/2024 ✨

Hi, Mirko was here! 20/02/2024

Hi, my name is Sameer Swain! This was added on 24/02/2024 🧸.

Hi, my name is Nicolas! This was added on 24/02/2024 😼

Hi, my name is Aitor! This was added on 26/02/2024 👽

Hi, my name is Vivek! This was added on 27/02/2024 😊

Hi, my name is Sebastian! This was added on 28/02/2024 🚴‍

Hi, my name is Felipe! This was added on 28/02/2024 🐈

Hi, my name is Nikhil! This was added on 01/03/2024 ✨

Hi, my name is Limbert ! This was added on 01/03/2024 🤓

Hi! Emma was here! 01/03/2024 ✨

Hi, my name is Cristina! This was added on 01/03/2024 🧸

Hi, my name is Vansh! This was added on 02/03/2024 🎉

Hi! My name is Xueyao! This was added on 03-03-2024 💕

Hey, this is Adricoque here on 03/03/2024

Hi, my name is Edgar! This was added on 03-03-2024 🚀

Hi, my name is Adriana! This was added on 04-03-2024 ♥

Hi! Ram was here! 04/03/2024 🥳

Hi, my name is Yahya This was added on 04-03-2024 🧸

Hi! Mauricio was here! 03/04/2023 💎

Hi, my name is Kundan! This was added on 05-03-2024 🧸

Hi, my name is Santiago! This was added on 05-03-2024 🚣

Hi, my name is Stu! This was added on 06-03-2024 🐱

Hi, my name is Kevin! This was added on 06-03-2024 🐹

Hi, my name is Eduardo! This was added on 17/03/2024 🥑

Hi, my name is Artem! This was added on 18-03-2024 🦉

Hi, my name is Osteduden! This was added on 18.03.2024 🦊

Hi, I (Vinay) was here too! 18-03-2024 🐒

Hi, my name is Xilient! This was added on <19-03-2024> <:D>

Hi, my name is Musa! This was added on 19-03-2024 🧸

Hi, my name is Lui! This was added on 119-03-2024 👻

Hi, Kvrae sends you greetings! This was added on 23/03/2024. 👀

Hi, my name is Fredrik! This was added on 24-03-2024 :) Swag :)

Hi, my name is Iamrushabhshahh! This was added on 05-03-2024 ❤️

Hi, my name is Lukas! This was added on <02-04-2024> :smile:

Hi, my name is He-who-must-not-be-named! This was added on 28-03-2024 🪄 👑

Hi, my name is Andy! This was added on 29/03/2024 😎

Hello! my name is Ulysse. This was added on 30/03/2024.

Hi, my name is adam! This was added on 06-04-2024 🙌

Hi! Samuel was here! 06/04/2024 🤖

Hi there, Paul is adding a contribution on 4/9/2024 😼

Hi, my name is Renee! This was added on 07-04-2024 ☕

Hi, my name is Berkay! This was added on 08.04.2024 ^-^

Hi! James here! 09/04/2024 🙌 

Hi! Raquel was here! 12/04/2024 🦖

Hi! Elly was here! 12/04/2024 

Hi, my name is Abdullah Hamada! This was added on 15/4/2024 ⛓️

Hi, my name is Adam! This was added on 18/04/2024 🫡

Hello! Tami was here! 4/19/2024 🤗

Hi, my name is D9292S! This was added on 01-01-24 🧸

Hi, my name is Amber! This was added on 19/04/2024 🐸

Hi! my name is Kelvis! This was added on 21/04/2024 😎

Hi, my name is Ani! This was added on 24-04-2024 🐱‍💻

Hi All, Saif landed here on 04/26/2024 🗿

Hi, my name is Bahasuru! This was added on 26-04-2024 😊

Hi, my name is Cain! This was added on 04/27/2024 🐳

Hi, my name is Edwin! This was added on 29/04/2024 🤖

Hi, my name is Marios! This was added on 30-04-2024 🦝

Hi,my name is elly , this was added on 01/05/2024 🐼

Hi, my name is Deepistertalks! This was added on 05/05/2024  😊

Hi, my name is R.Siranjevee! This was added on 05-05-2024 😎

Hi, my name is TheuZCoder! This was added on 07-05-2024 😃

Hi, my name is Lenka! This was added on 09-05-2024 🐷

Hi my name is Valentin ! This was added on 10/05/2024 🇫🇷

Hi, my name is Sílvio! This was added on 11-05-2024 ☕

Hi, my name is lumoski! This was added on 13/05/2024 🍀

Hi, my name is Sarah! This was added on 5/13/2024 ✨

Hi, my name is Aman! This was added on 15-05-2024 🌹

Hi, my name is Eric! This was added on 15-05-2024 🇵🇹

Hi my name is Nightyyy ! This was added on 15/05/2024 ☕

Hi, my name is Tux! This was added on 05-16-2024 🐧

Hi my name is Bruce! This was added on 17/05/2024 🇦🇱

Hi, my name is Smasheed! This was added on 17-05-2024 🥷🏽

Hi, my name is Kai Ze! This was added on 5/21/2024 🤖❤️

Hi, my name is Farman Arefin Tamim! This was added on 22 May 2024 😎

Hi, my name is Catarina! This was added on 22/05/2024 👩‍💻

Hi, my name is Varun Billuri! This was added on 22-05-2024 😶

Hi, my name is aresmendi! This was added on 23-05-2024 🎸

Hi, my name is Ali Sajad! This was added on 24/05/2024 ✨

Hi my name is Kunal Parkhade (KP)! This was added on 24/05/2024 💛IN

Hi, my name is Trinity! This was added on 26-05-2024 👾

Hi, my name is Hannah! This was added on 5/27/2024 🦆

Hi, my name is Sérgio! This was added on 30/05/2024 :)

hi, my name is rollexit! this was added on 24/05/2024

Hi, I'm Ewil ! Added on 29/05/2024 ✨

Hi my name is Baby ! This was added on 29/05/2024 🍥

Hi, my name is MR1! This was added on 30/05/2024 😎

Hi, my name is Divya! This was added on 2nd June, 2024. 🫧💗✨

Hi, my name is Andres Hung! This was added on 05/06/2024 👀🦘

Hi, my name is DellaG! This was added on 05/06/2024 👽

Hi, my name is Isaiah a.k.a. BlueCollargiant! This was added on 06-06-2024 ✨

Hi, my name is Nami This was added on 6th of June  :)

Hi, my name is haramana! This was added on 07-06-2024 🚀

Hi, my name is Rohan! This was added on 07-06-2024 🤩😏

Hi, my name is Tasneem! This was added on 7-06-2024🥳

Hi, my name is Patchara! This was added on 7/6/2024 🤖

Hi, my name is Alfredo! This was added on 07-06-2024 😉

Hi, my name is LimJimson! This was added on 9th of June, 2024. 🎸🎸🎸

Hi, my name is David! This was added on 08/06/2024 🙈🙉🙊
